README.md, before:

# Tietokantatunnusten poisto Melindasta
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/NatLibFi/melinda-local-ref-removal-ui.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/NatLibFi/melinda-local-ref-removal-ui)

## Building the application

Install all dependencies:
`npm install`

Run build task:
`npm run build`

This will build the application into `build` directory.


## Start the application in production

```
npm install --prod
cd build
node index.js

(Application can be configured using environment variables, like HTTP_PORT=4000 node index.js for alternate port)
```

## Configuration options

Each variable is mandatory unless it has a default value

| Variable name  | Default value  | Description  | Example  |
|---|---|---|---|
| ALEPH_URL  |   | url to aleph  | http://my-aleph-system.tld  |
| ALEPH_INDEX_BASE  | fin01  | aleph base for indices   |   |
| ALEPH_USER_LIBRARY | | aleph base for users | usr00 |
| HTTP_PORT  | 3001  |   |   |
| AMQP_HOST  |   | hostname of amqp server  | localhost  |
| MELINDA_API_VERSION  | null  |   |   |
| MIN_TASK_INTERVAL_SECONDS  | 10  | Time to take per task, in seconds  |   |
| SMTP_CONNECTION_URL  |   | SMTP url for sending mail  | smtp://user:pass@smtp.server.tld  |
| SMTP_FROM_EMAIL  | noreply@melinda.kansalliskirjasto.fi  | Sender email address  |   |
| SMTP_CC_ADDRESS  | ''  | Email CC address  |   |
| SECRET_ENCRYPTION_KEY  | <random-generated-key>  | Key for encrypting/decrypting sessions |   |
| SUPERUSER_LOWTAGS | '' | comma separated list of LOWTAGS available for superusers | ABC,DEF,GHI
| CORS_WHITELIST | ["http://localhost:3000"] | json array of allowed hosts for CORS, put your frontend domain here. | |
| MELINDA_LOAD_USER_FILE | null | file for melinda load users to be used when replicate option is true | ../conf/melinda-load-users.txt

Note on SECRET_ENCRYPTION_KEY:
All sessions will reset when the key changes. If the default value is used, then all sessions will reset every time the app restarts.

SECRET_ENCRYPTION_KEY can be generated with nodejs: 
```
crypto.randomBytes(32).toString('base64')
```

## Start the application in development

`npm run dev`

This will start webpack-dev-server for frontend codebase and nodemon for the backend.

Commit message:

Change license & more
1) Change license to AGPL-3.0+
2) Update copyright
3) Update melinda-ui-commons
4) Add postinstall script

README.md, after:

# UI for removing references to local databases from Melinda [![NPM Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@natlibfi/melinda-local-ref-removal-ui.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/@natlibfi/melinda-local-ref-removal-ui) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/NatLibFi/melinda-local-ref-removal-ui.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/NatLibFi/melinda-local-ref-removal-ui)

## Building the application

Install all dependencies:
`npm install`

Run build task:
`npm run build`

This will build the application into `build` directory.


## Start the application in production

```
npm install --prod
cd build
node index.js

(Application can be configured using environment variables, like HTTP_PORT=4000 node index.js for alternate port)
```

## Configuration options

Each variable is mandatory unless it has a default value

| Variable name  | Default value  | Description  | Example  |
|---|---|---|---|
| ALEPH_URL  |   | url to aleph  | http://my-aleph-system.tld  |
| ALEPH_INDEX_BASE  | fin01  | aleph base for indices   |   |
| ALEPH_USER_LIBRARY | | aleph base for users | usr00 |
| HTTP_PORT  | 3001  |   |   |
| AMQP_HOST  |   | hostname of amqp server  | localhost  |
| MELINDA_API_VERSION  | null  |   |   |
| MIN_TASK_INTERVAL_SECONDS  | 10  | Time to take per task, in seconds  |   |
| SMTP_CONNECTION_URL  |   | SMTP url for sending mail  | smtp://user:pass@smtp.server.tld  |
| SMTP_FROM_EMAIL  | noreply@melinda.kansalliskirjasto.fi  | Sender email address  |   |
| SMTP_CC_ADDRESS  | ''  | Email CC address  |   |
| SECRET_ENCRYPTION_KEY  | <random-generated-key>  | Key for encrypting/decrypting sessions |   |
| SUPERUSER_LOWTAGS | '' | comma separated list of LOWTAGS available for superusers | ABC,DEF,GHI
| CORS_WHITELIST | ["http://localhost:3000"] | json array of allowed hosts for CORS, put your frontend domain here. | |
| MELINDA_LOAD_USER_FILE | null | file for melinda load users to be used when replicate option is true | ../conf/melinda-load-users.txt

Note on SECRET_ENCRYPTION_KEY:
All sessions will reset when the key changes. If the default value is used, then all sessions will reset every time the app restarts.

SECRET_ENCRYPTION_KEY can be generated with nodejs: 
```
crypto.randomBytes(32).toString('base64')
```

## Start the application in development

`npm run dev`

This will start webpack-dev-server for frontend codebase and nodemon for the backend.

## License and copyright

Copyright (c) 2016-2017 **University Of Helsinki (The National Library Of Finland)**

This project's source code is licensed under the terms of **GNU Affero General Public License Version 3** or any later version.
